do you have a question for me you can
get the question answered live on the
air rethinking the dollar is going to do
an interview with me live on May 3rd
2017 you can join in on the chat or you
can get in and actually call in live
through Skype and we encourage you of
course to do that many of you know
thinking the dollar if not definitely
check out the channel especially
tomorrow May the 3
2017 we are going to cover a range of
topics and I hope that you will be there
once again May 3rd 2017 at 9 p.m.
Eastern make sure you be there and ask
as many questions as you can we're going
to cover as much as possible so this is
the link here I will have it in the
description of this video so make sure
you be there take care